Logging best practices (#11117)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/logs/get-started/logging-best-practices.mdx

 * Avoid overusing expensive Grok patterns like `'%{GREEDYDATA}`. Try to always use a valid Grok pattern and Grok type when extracting attributes.

## Drop filter rules [#drop-rules]

### Drop logs at ingest

* Create [drop filter rules](/docs/logs/ui-data/drop-data-drop-filter-rules#create) to drop logs that are not useful or that are not required to satisfy any use cases for dashboards, alerts or troubleshooting

### Drop attributes from your logs at ingest

* Create drop rules to drop unused attributes from your logs.
* Drop the `message` attribute after parsing. If you parse the message attribute to create new attributes from the data, drop the message field.
* Example: If you're forwarding data from AWS infrastructure, you can create drop rules to drop any AWS attributes that may create unwanted data bloat.

## New Relic logs sizing [#sizing]

* How we bill for storage may differ from some of our competitors. How we meter for log data is similar to how we meter and bill for other types of data, which is defined in [Usage calculation](/docs/accounts/accounts-billing/new-relic-one-pricing-billing/data-ingest-billing#usage-calculation).

> * If our cloud integrations (AWS, Azure, GCP) are installed, we will add cloud metadata to every log record, which will add to the overall ingest bill. This data can be dropped though to reduce ingest. A public screen recording showing how you can drop the AWS metadata can be found [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1bqEu2b6CxX3jfcp0ggJDj_2ckquGc7aP/view?usp=sharing).

Author: ```suggestion
* If our cloud integrations (AWS, Azure, GCP) are installed, we will add cloud metadata to every log record, which will add to the overall ingest bill. This data can be dropped though to reduce ingest. [Watch this video tutorial on how to drop AWS metadata](wistia link).
```

---
title: Logging best practices guide
tags:
 - New Relic solutions
 - Best practices guides
 - Logs
 - Logging
translate:
 - jp
metaDescription: 'Best practices for using New Relic logs'
redirects:
---

import parsingExample from 'images/logs-parsing-example.png'
import image from 'images/image.png'

> Welcome to the New Relic logging best practices guide. Here you'll find recommendations for:

Reviewer: one thing I think we should try to do here is differentiate what makes this different from the various docs we have on these things. that's one of our big problems with guide content in general. so we could do something like: 

"Our docs contain general reference information on all these topics. This guide will give you some more in-depth recomemendations and best practices for how to optimize your use of our logs features." Something like that

Author: Hmm, I feel conflicted about this because I think it's clear/implied (from the title and intro sentence) that these are recommendations for things already in the docs, especially if we include links out to those docs from this guide.

- [Forwarding logs](#forwarding-logs)
- [Data partitions](#partitions)
- [Parsing logs](#parsing-logs)
- [Drop filter rules](#drop-rules)

> - [New Relic log sizing](#sizing)

Author: Is there a reason for the "New Relic" preface, or can this title just be "Log sizing"?

Reviewer 2: Yeah it can just be Log sizing

> - [New Relic log sizing](#sizing)

Author: ```suggestion
- [Log sizing](#sizing)
```

> - [New Relic log sizing](#sizing)

Author: ```suggestion
- [Log sizing](#sizing)
```

- [Searching logs](#searching-logs)
- [What's next?](#whats-next)

## Forwarding logs [#forwarding-logs]

> * When forwarding logs, always use our [New Relic infrastructure agent](/docs/logs/forward-logs/forward-your-logs-using-infrastructure-agent) and/or [APM Agents](/docs/apm/new-relic-apm/getting-started/get-started-logs-context#agents) when possible. If the New Relic agents cannot be used, you can use other supported agents (FluentBit, Fluentd, Logstash, etc.).

Author: ```suggestion
* When forwarding logs, always use our [New Relic infrastructure agent](/docs/logs/forward-logs/forward-your-logs-using-infrastructure-agent) and/or [APM Agents](/docs/apm/new-relic-apm/getting-started/get-started-logs-context#agents) when possible. If you cannot use New Relic agents, use other supported agents (FluentBit, Fluentd, Logstash, etc.).
```

Here are some Github example configurations for supported logging agents:
   * [FluentBit examples](https://github.com/newrelic/fluentbit-examples) 
   * [Fluentd examples](https://github.com/newrelic/fluentd-examples/)
   * [Logstash examples](https://github.com/newrelic/logstash-examples)

> <Callout variant="warning">

Author: How do they edit the infra agent configs? If so, I'll add instructions or a docs link here.

Reviewer: here's the infra log doc, which contains some details on this https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/logs/forward-logs/forward-your-logs-using-infrastructure-agent/

Author: Hmm, that doc doesn't have any info on enabling/disabling log collection. Am I missing it on this page? Or if it's not there, is this something customers know how to do, so we don't need to add info on it?

 ```
 WHERE logtype='mylog' AND message LIKE '%error%'
 ```

* Use our [built-in parsing rules](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/logs/ui-data/built-log-parsing-rules/) and associated `logtype` attribute whenever possible. If the built-in rules don't work for your data, use a different `logtype` attribute name (i.e., `apache_logs` vs `apache`, `iis_w3c_custom` vs `iis_w3c`), and then create a new parsing rule in the UI using a modified version of the built-in rules so that it works for your log data format.

* Use our **Parsing** UI to test and validate your Grok rules. Using the `Paste log` option, you can paste in one of your log messages to test your Grok expression before creating and saving a permanent parsing rule. 

 <img
   title="Log parsing example"
   alt="Example of using Parsing UI to test Grok rule"
   src={parsingExample}
 />

* Use external FluentBit configurations for parsing multi-line logs and for other, more extensive pre-parsing before ingesting into New Relic. For details and configuration of multi-line parsing with our infrastructure agent, see [this blog post](https://newrelic.com/blog/how-to-relic/parse-multiline-log-messages-fluent-bit-plugin).

> * Create optimized Grok patterns to match the filtered logs to extract attributes.  Avoid using expensive Grok patterns like GREEDYDATA excessively. Ask your account team or SC to help identify any sub-optimal parsing rules.

Author: What is SC?

Reviewer: i'm not sure, but for these kinds of things we typically say 'contact your New Relic account representative.'

also, a style point: I usually flip these to put the state of things first, so like 'If you need help identifying any sub-optimal parsing rules, talk to your New Relic account representative.'

Reviewer 2: yes, SC = sales consultant ... but what Zach said! :-)

> **GROK Best Practices:**

Reviewer: just a note that we have quite a few title case uses that we'll want to convert to sentence case. also notice some capitalized words, like 'Log' a few times when not needed.

* Use the **Parsing** UI to test your Grok patterns. You can paste sample logs in the **Parsing** UI to validate your Grok or Regex patterns and if they're extracting the attributes as you expect.
 * Add anchors to parsing logic (i.e., `^`) to indicate the beginning of a line, or `$` at the end of a line.
 * Use `()?` around a pattern to identify optional fields
 * Avoid overusing expensive Grok patterns like `'%{GREEDYDATA}`. Try to always use a valid Grok pattern and Grok type when extracting attributes.

## Drop Filter Rules [#drop-rules]

### Drop logs at ingest

* Create [drop filter rules](/docs/logs/ui-data/drop-data-drop-filter-rules#create) to drop logs that are not useful or that are not required to satisfy any use cases for dashboards, alerts or troubleshooting

### Drop attributes from your logs at ingest

* Create drop rules to drop unused attributes from your logs.
* Drop the `message` attribute after parsing. If you parse the message attribute to create new attributes from the data, drop the message field.
* Example: If you're forwarding data from AWS infrastructure, you can create drop rules to drop any AWS attributes that may create unwanted data bloat.

> ## New Relic Logs Sizing [#sizing]

Author: ```suggestion
## Logs sizing [#sizing]
```

* How we bill for storage may differ from some of our competitors. How we meter for log data is similar to how we meter and bill for other types of data, which is defined in [Usage calculation](/docs/accounts/accounts-billing/new-relic-one-pricing-billing/data-ingest-billing#usage-calculation).

> * If our cloud integrations (AWS, Azure, GCP) are installed, we will add cloud metadata to every log record, which will add to the overall ingest bill. This data can be dropped though to reduce ingest. A public screen recording showing how you can drop the AWS metadata can be found [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1bqEu2b6CxX3jfcp0ggJDj_2ckquGc7aP/view?usp=sharing).

Author: Do we want this google doc link public?

Reviewer: Good question. I wonder if we have this public or can add it to youtube or something.

Author: Yeah, I think the move would be to add it to youtube. What's the process for uploading to youtube?

* The main drivers for log data overhead are below, in order of impact:
 * Cloud integrations
 * JSON formatting

>  * Log patterns (You can disable/enable patterns in the **Logs** UI.)

Author: Where in the Logs UI can you do this? I'll add quick instructions or a docs link here.

## Searching logs [#searching-logs]

> * For common log searches, create and use **Saved views** in the UI. Create a search for your data and then use the `+ Add Column` selector to add additional relevant columns (attributes) to the table output below. You can then move the columns around so that they appear in the order you want, then save it as a saved view with either private or public permissions.  Create public saved views so that you and other users can easily run common searches with all relevant attribute data displayed. This is good practice for 3rd-party applications like apache, nginx, etc. so users can easily see those logs without searching.

Author: What's the "table output below"? Does that refer to something on this page or a table in the UI?

* Create dashboards or use available **Quick Start** dashboards to answer common questions about your logs and to look at your log data over time in time series graphs. Create dashboards with multiple panels to slice and dice your log data in many different ways.

* Use our advanced NRQL functions like [capture()](/docs/query-your-data/nrql-new-relic-query-language/get-started/nrql-syntax-clauses-functions#func-capture) or [aparse()](/docs/query-your-data/nrql-new-relic-query-language/get-started/nrql-syntax-clauses-functions#func-aparse) to parse data at search time.
 * Install the **Logs Analysis** and/or **APM Logs Monitoring Quick Start** dashboards to quickly gain more insight into your log data. To add these dashboards go to **one.newrelic.com > Add Data > Logging > Dashboards**.

## What's next?

To learn more about using NR Logs:
* [Get started with log management](/docs/logs/get-started/get-started-log-management/)
* [Forward your logs to New Relic](/docs/logs/forward-logs/enable-log-management-new-relic/)
* [Intro to logs in context](/docs/logs/logs-context/logs-in-context/)

> Recommended Blog Posts or Nerdbytes?

Author: What links should go here? Any recommended blog posts or specific doc links?

---
title: Logging best practices guide
tags:
 - New Relic solutions
 - Best practices guides
 - Logs
 - Logging
translate:
 - jp
metaDescription: 'Best practices for using New Relic logs'
redirects:
---

> import parsingExample from 'images/logs-parsing-example.png'

Author: @marcelschlapfer @lchapman4 Can you point me to where this image is? I didn't see it in the Google doc.

> import image from 'images/image.png'

Author: ```suggestion
```

Welcome to the New Relic logging best practices guide. Here you'll find recommendations for:

- [Forwarding logs](#forwarding-logs)
- [Data partitions](#partitions)
- [Parsing logs](#parsing-logs)
- [Drop filter rules](#drop-rules)
- [Log sizing](#sizing)
- [Searching logs](#searching-logs)

> - [What's next?](#whats-next)

Author: Remove and replace with a beefier intro

## Forwarding logs [#forwarding-logs]

* When forwarding logs, always use our [New Relic infrastructure agent](/docs/logs/forward-logs/forward-your-logs-using-infrastructure-agent) and/or [APM agents](/docs/apm/new-relic-apm/getting-started/get-started-logs-context#agents) when possible. If you cannot use New Relic agents, use other supported agents (FluentBit, Fluentd, Logstash, etc.).

Here are some Github example configurations for supported logging agents:
   * [FluentBit examples](https://github.com/newrelic/fluentbit-examples) 
   * [Fluentd examples](https://github.com/newrelic/fluentd-examples/)
   * [Logstash examples](https://github.com/newrelic/logstash-examples)

<Callout variant="warning">

> If your logs are stored in a directory on an underlying host/container and are instrumented by our infrastructure agent to collect logs, you may see duplicate logs collected by both the infrastructure agent and APM agent. You may choose to use APM logs, in which case you should edit the infrastructure agent configurations to stop collecting logs, or vice versa.

Author: @marcelschlapfer @lchapman4 I'm trying to determine which docs link to use, and looking at Line 37, it alternates between talking about the infra agent/apm agents and APM logs. It seems like it's combining infra and apm agents, and the customer should be using either the infra or apm agent to forward the logs. Do they need to [configure the infra agent configuration](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/logs/forward-logs/forward-your-logs-using-infrastructure-agent/), or [enable/disable APM logs](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/logs/logs-context/disable-automatic-logging/)?

Reviewer 2: Yeah, this is trying to point out the possibility of getting duplicate logs if you are using both infra agent and APM agent to send application logs.  I guess this could be worded better ... also maybe we could point out the APM Logs Quickstart which would help them identify if there are duplicate logs.  @lchapman4 what are your thoughts?

Reviewer 3: Agree with Marcel. I think we can link to the quickstart so customers can watch for duplicate logs. link here: https://newrelic.com/instant-observability/apm-logs

Author: I took this one step further and linked to [this doc](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/logs/logs-context/upgrade-to-automatic-logs-context/), which includes our recommendations to avoid duplicate logging. Let me know if this makes sense in my new PR: https://github.com/newrelic/docs-website/pull/11400/files
